README.md, before:

# httpenv
Tiny HTTP server showing the environment variables on TCP 8888.

[![Lint Code Base](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-super-linter.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-super-linter.yaml)
[![Docker Build](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-docker-build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-docker-build.yaml)


Images for `linux/x86_64` (amd64), `linux/arm64` (v8), and `linux/arm/v7`

This can be used for various container learnings like how DNS round-robin works, rolling updates, etc.
It can be easier to use than something large and resource hungary like elasticsearch, while still providing
a way to check which container you're seeing in browser (or `curl`) by viewing the env vars it returns in HTTP.

Run it from Docker Hub on host port 8888:

`docker run -d -p 8888:8888 bretfisher/httpenv`

or from GitHub Container Registry (GHCR) with:

`docker run -d -p 8888:8888 ghcr.io/bretfisher/httpenv`

If you `curl` it, you should get back its environment variables, including the container name:

```shell
curl http://localhost:8888

{"HOME":"/root","HOSTNAME":"c9d8d26bda3a","PATH":"/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin"}```

Commit message:

add fork description, delete .github dir to start the assignments from a fresh slate

README.md, after:

# Description
This is my fork of https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv for the Udemy course https://www.udemy.com/course/docker-mastery GitHub Actions automation part learning purposes. These examples are from Bret's repository https://github.com/BretFisher/docker-ci-automation, which also contains a link to video walkthrough for these.

# httpenv
Tiny HTTP server showing the environment variables on TCP 8888.

[![Lint Code Base](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-super-linter.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-super-linter.yaml)
[![Docker Build](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-docker-build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BretFisher/httpenv/actions/workflows/call-docker-build.yaml)


Images for `linux/x86_64` (amd64), `linux/arm64` (v8), and `linux/arm/v7`

This can be used for various container learnings like how DNS round-robin works, rolling updates, etc.
It can be easier to use than something large and resource hungary like elasticsearch, while still providing
a way to check which container you're seeing in browser (or `curl`) by viewing the env vars it returns in HTTP.

Run it from Docker Hub on host port 8888:

`docker run -d -p 8888:8888 bretfisher/httpenv`

or from GitHub Container Registry (GHCR) with:

`docker run -d -p 8888:8888 ghcr.io/bretfisher/httpenv`

If you `curl` it, you should get back its environment variables, including the container name:

```shell
curl http://localhost:8888

{"HOME":"/root","HOSTNAME":"c9d8d26bda3a","PATH":"/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin"}```
